Xia Meng, you are blind
I didn't agree with your marriage back then
You were in a hurry to marry my son
I thought you would make a good wife
I didn't expect you to do such a hatred
I'm sad to marry his mother
Li Yangchen has been chasing me for 5 years
I married him because I was moved
A snobbish woman like you
Only interests in mind
What emotion
You are looking at my son graduating from a prestigious university
Talented Hong Yi
That's why I wanted to marry him
So that he can help you manage the company
From start to finish
You've been using my son
I used him.
Your family was in debt back then
He couldn't even afford Li Yangcheng's tuition
I paid off your debt
Helped Li Yangcheng pay the tuition fee
Later, I funded him to study abroad
Get an MBA degree
And brought him into the company and became the president
Without me
He Li Yangcheng
Now I am an office worker with a monthly salary of 3,000
My son is capable and talented
Even without you
With his achievements, it will not be worse than it is now
My mom was right
Don't think it's amazing that you have a little stinky money
You are an incompetent blind man
If I hadn't helped you out all these years
You've already lost your fortune
Okay, then give it back to me.
Give me back everything I paid for before